README.md, before:

# Ridectl

## Overview
`ridectl` is Ridecell's internal tool that enables employees access and ways to interact with SummonPlatform instances. Employee's permissions are restricted to certain environments or features, depending on their role. 

Some key features are:
1. shelling into an instance (`shell`)
2. shelling into an instance under the python environment (`pyshell`)
3. shelling into the instance's database (`dbshell`)
4. Obtaining dispatcher/support/reports account password (`password`)
5. Redeploy summon instance(`redeploy`)

For a full list of functionalities, run `ridectl --help`

## Installing `ridectl`

### Homebrew Installation
If you are on MacOS you can install using Homebrew.

1. Run `brew install ridecell/ridecell/ridectl`
2. Run `ridectl -h` to confirm it is installed correctly.

### Manual Installation
You can find pre-compiled macOS and Linux binaries for `ridectl` [on the GitHub releases page](https://github.com/Ridecell/ridectl/releases/latest).

Download the one appropriate to your platform, unzip it, and copy it to `/usr/local/bin/ridectl` or similar. Run `ridectl -h` to confirm it is installed correctly.

Example:
```
wget https://github.com/Ridecell/ridectl/releases/download/v0.0.9/ridectl_linux.zip
unzip ridectl_linux.zip
chmod 0555 ridectl
cp ridectl /usr/local/bin/ridectl
ridectl -h
```

### Configuration

Run `ridectl doctor --interactive` to walk through configuring the settings and credentials for Ridectl. You can run plain `ridectl doctor` to check if your configuration matches the requirements without trying to fix it.

Commit message:

- redeploy -> restart-migrations - move away from using kubectl for job delete

README.md, after:

# Ridectl

## Overview
`ridectl` is Ridecell's internal tool that enables employees access and ways to interact with SummonPlatform instances. Employee's permissions are restricted to certain environments or features, depending on their role.

Some key features are:
1. shelling into an instance (`shell`)
2. shelling into an instance under the python environment (`pyshell`)
3. shelling into the instance's database (`dbshell`)
4. Obtaining dispatcher/support/reports account password (`password`)
5. Restart migrations for a summon instance(`restart-migrations`)

For a full list of functionalities, run `ridectl --help`

## Installing `ridectl`

### Homebrew Installation
If you are on MacOS you can install using Homebrew.

1. Run `brew install ridecell/ridecell/ridectl`
2. Run `ridectl -h` to confirm it is installed correctly.

### Manual Installation
You can find pre-compiled macOS and Linux binaries for `ridectl` [on the GitHub releases page](https://github.com/Ridecell/ridectl/releases/latest).

Download the one appropriate to your platform, unzip it, and copy it to `/usr/local/bin/ridectl` or similar. Run `ridectl -h` to confirm it is installed correctly.

Example:
```
wget https://github.com/Ridecell/ridectl/releases/download/v0.0.9/ridectl_linux.zip
unzip ridectl_linux.zip
chmod 0555 ridectl
cp ridectl /usr/local/bin/ridectl
ridectl -h
```

### Configuration

Run `ridectl doctor --interactive` to walk through configuring the settings and credentials for Ridectl. You can run plain `ridectl doctor` to check if your configuration matches the requirements without trying to fix it.
